---
layout: "@layouts/Legal.astro"
title: "Combolab | Privacy Policy"
---

# Privacy Policy

---

## 1. Introduction

_Four Rays AB_, referred to as "we", "us", or "our" throughout this document, is
committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy
outlines the types of personal information we collect, how we use, process, and
protect that information, and your rights concerning your personal data. If you
 have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards
to your personal information, please contact us at <contact@combolab.4rays.net>.

## 2. Information We Collect

Combolab does not collect or process any personal information. The app is
designed with a focus on your privacy and does not require any personal data to
function.

When sharing a combo publicly, an anonymous identifier tied to the device is
used to authenticate the request.

## 3. How We Use Your Information

As we do not collect any personal information by default, we do not use any such
information in any way.

When sharing a combo publicly, the device identifier is attached to the combo
and is stored in the database for security and authorization reasons.

## 4. Will Your Information Be Shared With Anyone?

No. As Combolab does not collect any personal information, there is no
information to share.

The device identifier is not shared with any third parties and is not visible on
the public combo page.

## 5. Is Your Information Transferred Internationally?

No. Since we do not collect any personal data, no data transfer occurs.

## 6. What Is Our Stance On Third-Party Websites?

Our app may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. We are
not responsible for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
third-party websites or services.

## 7. How Long Do We Keep Your Information?

We don't collect any personal information, so there is no information to keep.

Publicly shared combos are stored indefinitely in the database. You may delete a
combo at any time by removing it from the device where it was created. If you no
longer have access to the device, please contact us at
<contact@combolab.4rays.net>.

## 8. How Do We Keep Your Information Safe?

All user data stays on your device. We do not have access to it.

When sharing a combo publicly, the device identifier is stored in the database.
We take all necessary precautions to protect this data.

## 9. Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

## 10. Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not
hesitate to contact us at <contact@combolab.4rays.net>.
