---
layout: "@layouts/Legal.astro"
title: "Combolab | Terms of Use"
---

# Terms of Use

---

## 1. Introduction

Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using Combolab, referred to as
"the app" in the rest of the document.

## 2. Acceptance of Terms

By accessing and using the app, you acknowledge that you have read, understood,
and agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.

## 3. Changes to Terms

Four Rays AB, referred to as "we", "us", or "our" throughout this document,
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. We will always post the
most current version on the app. By continuing to use the app, you agree to be
bound by the updated terms.

## 4. Privacy Policy

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. Our Privacy Policy,
which explains how we do not collect and use your information, is available
separately.

## 5. Intellectual Property

The app and all of its content, including but not limited to graphics, names,
logos, and trademarks, are the intellectual property of their respective owners.
The app does not claim any ownership or rights over these intellectual
properties.

The app may use graphics and names that are copyrighted by other companies.

These materials are used under the principle of fair use for the purpose of
providing a better user experience. The app acknowledges the copyrights of the
respective owners.

All trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed within the app are the
property of their respective owners. The app does not grant any license or right
to use these trademarks without the explicit permission of the owners.

If you believe that your copyrighted work has been infringed upon by the app,
please contact us at <contact@combolab.4rays.net>.

## 6. Limitation of Liability

We will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages in connection with these terms or the app in any manner.

## 7. Governing Law

These Terms & Conditions and your use of the app are governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of Sweden. The courts of Sweden shall have exclusive
jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with
these terms.

## 8. Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms & Conditions, do not
hesitate to contact us at <contact@combolab.4rays.net>.
